Refactor EXPERIMENTAL_TableV2 (#836)
vtex/styleguide: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- `EXPERIMENTAL_TableTree` component

> ### Changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Removed
```

> - `EXPERIMENTAL_Table` to not deal with rows with children

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EXPERIMENTAL_Table` ability to deal with child rows
```
